c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\ITextDemo.exe
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\ITextDemo.deps.json
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\ITextDemo.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\ITextDemo.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\ITextDemo.pdb
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\Dapper.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\itext.barcodes.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\itext.bouncy-castle-connector.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\itext.forms.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\itext.io.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\itext.kernel.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\itext.layout.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\itext.pdfa.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\itext.sign.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\itext.styledxmlparser.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\itext.svg.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\itext.commons.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.DotNet.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-arm\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-armel\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-mips64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-musl-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-s390x\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-x86\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-arm\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\ITextDemo.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\ITextDemo.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\ITextDemo.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\ITextDemo.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\ITextDemo.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\ITextDemo.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\ITextDemo.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\ITextDemo.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\ITextDemo.pdb
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\ITextDemo.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\ITextDemo.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\BouncyCastle.Cryptography.dll
c:\Users\samwo\OneDrive\Desktop\Python Code\ITextDemoProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\itext.bouncy-castle-adapter.dll
